This jet washer works well on the
Example mine center for
other cities in the region
they have a washing process
helps to save water.
contributing mainly to
minimize the problems of this period of
drought that punishes much of the country
in this lack of water and we have a
process of re-appropriation of the
process, this process is not
It 's something inside the boxes.
We have a rate that right harvesting
amount of water that today gives 5 thousand
liters of water that water is treated and right
it is bad is reused again right that
We take the word again
to do the service in the car already exists
the collection box which is compulsory where
pass these collecting boxes to this water
filters inside we already have a
process of a box of five thousand book
the water that happens to water is treated is
made a ph of water, as if it were
treated the water of a pool
are simple design right you get there
I reproached this water by passing it to
other box where we pick it fall
on top of that, that's how we
already start washing the cars again
She goes down and goes up on the turn.
the water
according to paulinho usually the
used approximately 60 thousand
liters of water per month to wash in
average 10 cars per day
the economy today 80% the economy today is
very big right because with 10 thousand liters
water that would be a minimum rate to right
a residence we have the ability to
wash 300 cars and we take 300
cars and who is watching us too
that you can do
is the chaos that the population
It's because of water, right?
We do not know when this situation is
back to normal then is the benefit
We do not understand economics and
also for society is an action and that
all are benefited
it is a process of awareness when you
part with such a process of
everyone is benefited by
28 years of profession
front of the jet was a year and nine
months in the process of re-use if
proud of the work done for him
process should be used by
other washes and other companies
of mine
is a project that many could have
using to be able to contribute
Do you see this lack of water you have today?
it is through this that there is neither
So, you have a firm today that says
service because we have
this process